Docs: add troubleshooting section to the README.md (#60)
aiidateam/aiida-pseudo: README.md

    aiida-pseudo install sssp

The version, functional, and protocol can be controlled with various options; use `aiida-pseudo install sssp --help` to see their description.

> If you are experiencing problems with this automated install method, see the Troubleshooting section below for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experiencing problems with this automated install method, see the [Troubleshooting section](#troubleshooting) below for help.
```

cutoffs = family.get_recommended_cutoffs(elements=('Ga', 'As'))  # From a tuple or list of element symbols
cutoffs = family.get_recommended_cutoffs(structure=load_node(<IDENTIFIER>))  # From a `StructureData` node
```

## Troubleshooting

### The automated install commands fail

> These failures are often due to unstable internet connections causing the download of the pseudo potential archive from the web to fail.

Reviewer: I apologise in advance for my OCD.

```suggestion
These failures are often due to unstable internet connections causing the download of the pseudopotential archive from the web to fail.
```

In this case, it is possible to install the family manually from an archive that is already available on the local file system.

> To install a pseudo potential family manually, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a pseudopotential family manually, run the following command:
```

```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL>
```

> where `<ARCHIVE>` should be replaced with the pseudo potential archive and `<LABEL>` with the label to give to the family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `<ARCHIVE>` should be replaced with the pseudopotential archive and `<LABEL>` with the label to give to the family.
```

The command will attempt to automatically detect the compression format of the archive.
If this fails, you can specify the format manually with the `-F` option, for example, for a `.tar.gz` archice:
```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL> -F gztar
```

> By default, the command will create a family of the base pseudo potential family type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the command will create a family of the base pseudopotential family type.
```

> If you want to create a more specific family, for example an SSSP family, or a Pseudo-Dojo family, you should specify that with the `-T` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create a more specific family, for example an `SsspFamily`, or a `PseudoDojoFamily`, you can provide the corresponding entry point to the `--family-type/-T` option:
```

```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL> -T pseudo.family.sssp
```
or
```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL> -T pseudo.family.pseudo_dojo
```

> The available pseudo potential family classes can be listed with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available pseudopotential family classes can be listed with the command:
```

```
verdi plugin list aiida.groups
```

> Any entry point that starts with `pseudo.family.` can potentially be used, depending on the type of pseudo potential archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any entry point that starts with `pseudo.family.` can potentially be used, depending on the type of pseudopotential archive.
```

cutoffs = family.get_recommended_cutoffs(elements=('Ga', 'As'))  # From a tuple or list of element symbols
cutoffs = family.get_recommended_cutoffs(structure=load_node(<IDENTIFIER>))  # From a `StructureData` node
```

## Troubleshooting

### The automated install commands fail
These failures are often due to unstable internet connections causing the download of the pseudopotential archive from the web to fail.
In this case, it is possible to install the family manually from an archive that is already available on the local file system.
To install a pseudopotential family manually, run the following command:
```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL>
```
where `<ARCHIVE>` should be replaced with the pseudopotential archive and `<LABEL>` with the label to give to the family.
The command will attempt to automatically detect the compression format of the archive.

> If this fails, you can specify the format manually with the `-F` option, for example, for a `.tar.gz` archice:

Reviewer: I found another one to pick! 🕷

```suggestion
If this fails, you can specify the format manually with the `--archive-format/-F` option, for example, for a `.tar.gz` archive:
```

```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL> -F gztar
```
By default, the command will create a family of the base pseudopotential family type.
If you want to create a more specific family, for example an `SsspFamily`, or a `PseudoDojoFamily`, you can provide the corresponding entry point to the `--family-type/-T` option:
```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL> -T pseudo.family.sssp
```
or
```
aiida-pseudo install family <ARCHIVE> <LABEL> -T pseudo.family.pseudo_dojo
```
The available pseudopotential family classes can be listed with the command:
```
verdi plugin list aiida.groups
```
Any entry point that starts with `pseudo.family.` can potentially be used, depending on the type of pseudopotential archive.

| :exclamation: Warning      |
|:---------------------------|

> | The functionality of some plugins, such as the workflow protocols of `aiida-quantumespresso`, may rely on recommended cutoffs to be defined for the pseudopotential family. Unlike the automated install methods for those family types, this manual method will not define recommended cutoffs and as a result it may not be usable for these specific functionalities. Recommended cutoffs can be manually defined for existing pseudopotential families using the `aiida-pseudo family cutoffs set` command. |

Reviewer: Haha, I see you fixed the table before I could comment on it. ⚡
